# DCD-HAMS: Decentralized Cross Device Learning for Hierarchical Aggregation of Medical Symptoms

Medical analysis has become an integral part of modern society. With the advent of modern transport and better locomotive capacity, the world was introduced to faster methods of travel, however, with it came the risk of widespread spread of disease, such as in the case of pandemics. Even outside of the global scale, smaller epidemics which are not studied and countered quickly cause massive damages to community health and progress. It becomes important to study the initial symptoms of such diseases and develop a better understanding of the disease itself. In the past year itself, we have seen the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) bring the whole world to a complete standstill, causing immense losses in both life and economy. In the intial stages, the world stuggled at handling the influx of patients and controlling the spread of this disease. Confusion, unpreparedness and fake news further decayed efforts towards controlling the virus. 

Symptom prognosis and analysis is an important part of pandemic management, as they allow people to be aware of their medical conditions. However, during Covid-19 appropriate symptoms and their exact affects were only reported after mass scale collection and analysis of data, which consumed immense amounts of manual efforts as well as precious time. DCD-HAMS could become a viable approach towards development of a government supported, public driven system for elementary symptom realization during a new epidemic or pandemic. DCD-HAMS offers to present a viable method for not only symptom collection, but also ensures a certain level of client privacy at the time of decentralized aggregation. Concepts of Input Privacy, Output Privacy as well as government aided Flow Governance. On the topic of Input and Output Verification, a possible methodology including Input Verification, may be applied however, reputation measurability may be difficult to manage and implement during times of pandemic, when time is of utmost importance. Nonetheless, a method including Input Verification is also discussed in the following document.

## Introduction:

Pandemic control and management have become highlighted issues, within the last couple of months. With the spread of the novel coronavirus, the world saw destruction of life and property. Various businesses, infrastructures, etc. were shutdown unemployment, reduced wages, and unpayed leave further ravaged livlihood, not to mention the loss of life and degradation of health caused by this pandemic. A total of 91 million people suffered from Covid-19 over the progression of 2020. However, it is still believed that if significant steps were taken at the beginning of the pandemic, the spread and massivity of Covid-19 could have been stalled or limited entirely. One direction to note, is that the symptoms of Covid-19 were discovered and brought to light after a significant time had passed, allowing first waves of the virus to spread. Limited to no actions were taken in the beginning to highlight such symptoms, until the spread had progressed to multiple countries.

During a pandemic, 
